We can now take a look at the official Splunk website and
see what they say about why we should use Splunk.
Now, this is the Splunk official website.
I'm going to provide the link to you below the video.
Let's look a little bit into what they have mentioned.
So in terms of functionalities,
it can provide insights when you need them.
They can do rapid searches.
The second thing that they mentioned is that you can scale reliably without stress.
Now, how does that explain why should we use Splunk?
Now, every time you log
the details of your application and derive some metrics out of it,
it gives you some sort of business insight into your application.
Now, that tells you how you are growing as a project,
how you're growing as a company,
for example, how is the traffic increasing to your application.
That will give you a projection.
Now, that projection helps you to plan for the future,
which is what Splunk helps you do.
Splunk helps you to get
a graphical interpretation of
your growth and other SLAs that you might be interested in tracking.
It also provides robust capabilities and Machine Learning,
and it has an expansive ecosystem,
which is why we chose this as a preferred method
for finding or running analysis on the metrics.